(narrator): Previously on
The Way Home.
I was up all night writing
a song. I felt inspired.
You're in love with a Landry?
Whose family has been
blackmailing us?
The house isn't ours.
but I'm going to buy it.
And then we can go home.
The suitcase was buried?
But packed. like she was
going away.
You left your baby?
What kind of a mother does that?
You're gonna kill your son.
-Please!
-No!
-(gunshot)
-Elliot!
-There was one death.
-Fifth body?
No. they all died down here.
(explosion)
(rustling leaves)
(grunting)
El. stay with me. stay with me.
We have to get
to the pond. okay.
we're gonna get you to a doctor.
She didn't make it out. did she?
(grunts) She's gone. Kat...
Everyone will be fine. okay?
(groaning in pain)
No. hey. listen. we have
to keep going. okay?
It's just a little bit
further. Okay?
(gasping): It's okay. You go.
I can't. El. hey... no.
we grow old together!
Do you remember that?
This isn't how we end.
Not after everything
that we've been through. so...
please. okay? Come on? El?
No. no. no. No. no. no. El! No!
(screaming): No!
(tense music)
(splashing water)
-Jacob!
-Alice. Are we here?
-Is this 1926?
-You know the truth?
-About the explosion? That...
-More people died
-than just one.
-No. No. no. no.
The pond brought us both
here for a reason.
We can't be too late!
(Kat): Come on.
It's just a little bit further.
(Alice): Mom!
We have to get him home.
Kat. now!
-Okay. How are you here?
-Wait. no!
It's okay.
-I didn't see breathing.
-I didn't see him breathing!
-He's going to be okay.
-He has to be. come on.
(heavy breathing)
(splash)
(panting)
(gasping for air)
No!
(dramatic music)
(birds calling)
(gentle surf)
(distant voices)
(melancholy music)
(Kat): Fern?
Fern!
The pond won't take me back.
I don't know if Elliot's
still alive!
Cliff was suposed
to kiss me at midnight.
Why didn't he kiss me?
You don't stand a gal
up like that.
Not on New Year's.
Wait. Cliff isn't here?
I mean. he was with us in
the tunnels.
We got out. so I'm sure
that he did too.
Of course he did. Kitty Kat.
What goes in
must come out. right?
He and I...
we get to grow old together.
(Little Moe): Hey! Here!
There's a body here!
(clanging metal)
(distant voices)
(man): Get in here!
Let's dash.
I have a column to write.
about a lovely party.
Did you see the fireworks?
They were so loud.
(tense music)
Good morning.
Look. I know you're avoiding me.
But we really should talk.
About what I know
about the pond.
A lot has happened
since then. Sam.
Like what?
(Jacob): Hey! Hey!
Help! Help!
Del. call 911.
(Alice): Help!
(dramatic music)
(door closes)
(rustling paper)
Oh.
It's such a beautiful love.
isn't it?
Aren't I lucky?
You are the luckiest.
I really. really am.
Because...
I'm pregnant.
We were going to be a family.
I was going to tell Cliff
at midnight.
(whispering): Why did I wait?
(singing)
♪ Beautiful dreamer ♪
♪ Wake unto me ♪
♪ Starlight and dewdrops
are waiting for thee ♪♪
(inhales sharply)
It's the perfect song to sing
to a baby.
don't you think?
(slow knocking)
(crying)
(door closes)
Four of the five I saw go in
were pulled out.
The fifth's still missing.
Coop's gone. Fern. So's Percy.
And that undercover cop.
And what about Cliff?
(foreboding music)
(music intensifies)
(inaudible)
(door opens)
I came to get clothes for Fern.
How is she?
-Her fiancé is dead.
-How do you think?
Well. Fern doesn't need
to worry because I've written
her New Year's column
with the message
to Coop's bootleggers
about the terribly tragedy.
And yet. you won't say a word
about the explosion
in the paper. will you?
I promised Nate Simon
a scandal-free Port Haven.
(sighs)
The paper will say a big fish
has been caught.
History is written
by the winners.
(Grayson sighs heavily)
I will not win until this
film has been made.
How can you still
care about that?
People died last night. Grayson.
I was trying to get out
of things! Right?
I was trying to help! I...
I'm a good person.
I will make this right...
by Fern.
Where did you... get that?
My sister found it amongst
some artwork in a cupboard
in our attic. She gave it to me
in secret just before she died.
She knew what it meant.
The Landrys are Lingermore's
rightful owners.
Our Founding Father's
second wife
inexplicably left it to them.
Her name was Susanna Augustine.
She was a good person.
Best person.
I used to bring her to
Landry farm. you know?
Cass.
Her and Fern were very
good friends.
She just seemed stronger there.
We'd run through the woods.
Sit by the pond.
And she loved it.
That's why the mural
has us there.
With the angel above us.
-You mean the White Witch.
-(chuckling)
You sound just like Cass.
Believing in that
old fairy tale.
This and the film
are the light at the end
of this ruined tunnel.
Maybe. But if there's one
thing that we learned
from last night. it's that
you can't take anything
or anyone for granted.
(door opens and shuts)
Oh.
(footsteps approaching)
(gentle music)
Fern. can I get you anything?
Maybe some tea?
How about time?
I want to go back.
For the first time in my life.
I want to jump.
Will you go with me. Kitty?
Please?
(birds chirping)
Fern's not here.
She's out finding your man
a penguin suit for tonight.
(Past Kat): Whatever we may say
or do. it's to keep Fern safe.
(Present Kat): The pond only
took us back a day!
(Fern): A day is all I need.
Anything that keeps Fern
out of trouble has my blessing.
Thanks. I'll see you.
(soft gasp) (branches crackle)
(tense music)
(quick footsteps)
(door closes)
Oh. Oh. hello. lovely.
Hey now. no peeking.
It's supposed to be a surprise.
I thought you were off finding
a tuxedo for Elliot.
Looks like you got caught
in the rain!
Oh. I...
I had to come back.
Because I missed you!
I missed you so much.
Hey. I'm not going anywhere.
Tonight's a big night
for both of us.
The start of a new adventure.
Yes. It will be.
Cliff.
I don't wanna follow
the rules anymore.
When were you ever
a rule-follower?
(chuckles)
I mean.
I wanna tell you about
the future.
I wanna tell you that...
All I want to do
is share it with you.
Because...
we're going to be a family.
Family? Are you...?
Oh! (laughing)
(quietly crying)
Oh. my love.
(laughing)
Oh. you magical. incredible.
gorgeous thing!
Now. I know we've said our vows
to one another. we're official
in my books. but...
let's go down to the
Town Hall and do it proper.
Now. what do you say? We can go
now. we don't need to wait!
We'll do it tomorrow. alright?
Alright. Alright.
Well. at least let me drive
you to Lingermore. then.
Oh. no. Cliff. It's fine.
Hey. now. I'm not about to let
my beautiful pregnant fiancée
hitchhike. am I?
Let me just go grab my coat.
Yes. Go get your coat.
I love you. you know.
I always will.
I love you.
And I can't wait to kiss
you at midnight.
Yes. I'll be waiting.
Don't try to be the hero.
You already are.
Just run and find me.
Before the clock strikes twelve.
Please.
Wild horses couldn't
keep me away.
(tender music)
(chuckles)
(door closes)
(crying)
Hey. Hey. Fern.
He knows. Kitty.
That's all I could want now.
Down in that tunnel.
he knew he would be a father.
Yeah. (chuckles softly)
Come on. Come on.
(soft gasp)
(tense music)
-(cup shatters)
-Oh!
(breathing hard)
(pieces rattle)
(crying)
I think you might need
something stronger than tea.
Kitty Kat.
(Kat chuckling): Oh. Sorry.
I shouldn't be the one crying.
-(chuckles)
-It's alright.
(sobs) Misery loves company.
(sighs shakily)
What if Elliot is gone?
The pond showed me how
wonderful it can be today.
Perhaps it'll show you the same
kindness tomorrow.
No.
No. I can't leave you alone.
I am not alone.
I'm a mama now.
I always knew that I would be
back here someday. Like this.
Well. like a version of this.
What do you mean?
I mean The One.
The story I was raised on.
passed down from
my great-grandfather.
He was only a child
when it happened.
When what happened?
When a boy from our future
fell back in time
and saved our family.
Of course. Great-Grandpa refused
to say who the one would be.
You can't tell someone their
future. now. can you?
So. it became a strange game.
Who would be the little Landry
who saves us all?
I'd hoped to be the one.
But I was a girl.
And then my brother arrived.
But I loved Frank so much.
I wouldn't let the pond
have him.
I tried to protect people too.
And I failed.
But you can't...
you can't blame yourself.
Yes.
You can.
When my brother died.
it all fell to me
to continue the line
that would lead to the one.
But I ran away from fate.
Straight into Cliff.
And suddenly. that fate
was so easy to accept.
I wanted to be here with him.
I still do.
With our baby.
And if he turns out to be a boy.
I will not let him be the one.
I have lost so much.
I will not lose my chance
to be a mother.
It is the greatest role of all.
I have a daughter.
Kitty Kat.
You're a mama.
-What's her name?
-Alice.
Like Alice in Wonderland.
That's it. exactly.
(door closes)
-Oh my god.
-No. no. he's alright.
The doctors did emergency
surgery. and he pulled through.
He's going to be okay.
-(exhales deeply)
-Can we go visit him?
Well. he's sleeping right now.
let's let him rest.
Sam was amazing.
He kept the police at bay.
Told them that it was all
a horrible accident.
He shouldn't have had to help!
Right. none of this should
have happened!
-Elliot is alive.
-That's all that matters.
-You two saved him!
-And Kat has no clue!
She is back there. in 1926.
thinking the worst.
(door opens)
(Fern): Is this why
you wanted to marry me?
No.
No. of course not.
That love was real. it is real.
Fern. I wanna take care of you.
and not just with the film.
There won't be a film. Gray.
Don't say that.
That's what you wanted.
Don't let this tragedy
dictate your future.
My future is here.
Raising my child.
Well. let's get married.
I'll say the child's mine.
-No.
-I will.
No. Gray. I'm meant to be here.
I feel Cliff everywhere.
So. burn it.
Because the only place
for a Landry
is on this farm.
Well. I'll help you take care
of the farm. then.
No expectations.
-Thank you.
-My dear. dear friend.
(sighs)
(gentle music)
-Gray.
-Yeah?
You will find the kind
of love I had.
Maybe.
But they will not compare.
(door opens and closes)
(plays a single note)
Gray made me realize that
my love story
has to be mine alone.
This town can never think
that Cliff did me wrong.
So. I'll protect his name
by never speaking it.
Well. what will you tell them?
Well. I'm still an actress.
Kitty. I'll find a story.
Learn my lines. Keep Cliff
safe backstage.
I'll wrap him around
my favourite key.
My sweetest note will always
be a little off.
A little broken.
Like me.
(melancholy music)
(birds chirping)
(sighs)
(tense music)
(rustling leaves)
Alice.
Where are you coming from?
Same place you're going.
The pond.
(exhales)
(scraping metal)
I'm going to take off for
the hospital. Are you alright?
You know. Alice and I
came back with Elliot.
Kat wasn't there.
I wanted to scream. I still do.
That pond has
put us through hell.
If it never existed.
I never would've left.
Wouldn't hate the Goodwins.
We wouldn't be
blackmailing anyone.
So this is about Abby. too?
-Of course it is!
-I've lost her.
Mom. and that pond
is the reason.
It'll never be finished
with our family
unless we finish it first.
Just walk away.
-Nobody's stopping you.
-I wish you all would.
But Jacob. pond or no pond.
life isn't easy.
You're always going to have
to fight for what's important.
And that includes love.
And for all the cruelty
of the pond.
it's brought you here
to have a chance at it.
So I should be grateful to it?
No. No. I'm going in there.
I am getting Kat.
and I am bringing her home.
And then this has to be over.
(sighs deeply)
Why do it?
The suitcase. I mean.
It has to look like I left
this town.
Not this time.
I don't want Vic to think
I was kidnapped.
He'd worry.
Vic hating me is easier
than worry.
Is Griffin why you're
doing this?
Are you in love with him?
(chuckling)
No. Alice.
I'm in awe.
He showed me the pond.
It was like Grimm's Fairy Tales.
This one story of a boy
and a key.
We'd meet there to talk.
Everyone else had started
looking at me
like I was a problem.
He looked at me
like I was a person.
But. there was a party.
and Griffin left town.
Vic was on edge.
Elliot was always crying.
I felt myself detach.
(crying)
My baby was suddenly a stranger.
I was alone and scared.
And then. there he was.
I remembered this tarot card
that Evelyn pulled for
my fortune.
The Knight of Cups.
The tall dark stranger
would enter my life.
Woo!
(Tessa): This was him!
(sighs)
(exhales)
Tess! (exhales)
Oh. Tess.
This pond. It's magic.
I've just been
somewhere incredible!
(chuckling)
Take me with you. then.
Yeah.
Griffin's my way out.
That's all.
'Cause I'm not
a good mom. Alice.
No. if this is about
what Fern said...
Hurting Elliot?
You know I almost did.
You saved him. If I stay.
he'll just get hurt. Or worse.
-No. No. Tessa.
-What you're feeling...
you're not alone. okay?
It happened to my mom!
She felt like she failed
and she wanted to run away.
And her friend...
he helped.
He told her that her baby
needed her. And I did.
I love Vic and Elliot so much.
(tender music)
I'm doing this
because I love them.
I jump for love...
Tessa? What if I told you you
couldn't come back?
As long as Elliot's safe.
So. will he be safe. Alice?
Elliot will be amazing.
And the Landry's
will love him so much.
-Like he's family.
-Good.
He deserves that.
Will those Landrys be here
right after I go?
Elliot won't be alone.
Not for long. Wherever
he's left... we'll be there.
(sniffs)
(unlatches suitcase)
(tender music)
It's my favourite one
of me and him.
We both saw each other steal.
And we kept that secret.
And now we'll keep another.
I'll protect who you are.
And I'll protect Elliot.
Always.
(tearful sighing)
You alright? I'm just gonna
set up the couch for you.
(sighs)
Get these pillows just right.
I can get you a glass of water
or a cup of tea?
(Elliot): Tessa gone.
She really is.
It's my fault.
If I hadn't told her about
the party.
she'd still be back there.
Alive.
Kat warned me.
(scoffs)
Why did I do it? Why did I go
looking for my mom?
Why did the pond let me?
(breathing shakily)
What happens will always happen.
They're just empty words.
aren't they?
My mom's gone.
And it happened
because of me. Del.
It happened because of her.
The choices that she made.
I'm just sorry that
she made them.
How can I miss somebody
I barely knew?
'Cause she's your mom.
Isn't it better to have
known her?
To have had those moments
with her?
We're always going to wish
for more time. aren't we?
We are. I know I do.
So. Where is everyone?
(sighs)
(birds chirping)
(sighs warmly)
There's nothing else I can do
for him.
All we can do is let him rest.
(chuckling)
Jacob! Oh!
How did you know to come?
What do you mean? When am I?
It's February 1820. old friend.
(footsteps approaching)
Oh.
This is what I've been
praying for.
Oh. son.
-(fire crackling)
-All I've wanted since 1816
was to enjoy one more meal
with my son.
But something's
troubling you. my boy.
-(scoffs)
-It's nothing.
Everything.
I've fallen in love. father.
But I ruined it. Or rather.
the pond ruined it.
(sighs)
This past.
What happened to us here.
it's shadow extends
into my future.
Listen to me.
I will never regret the time
that I had here with you.
But returning to my time.
I don't know where I fit.
It's like I'm trapped
in this prison.
and the pond is my jailer.
(coughing)
I burden you with my troubles
when I should be asking
after you.
(clearing throat)
The fire... you know.
my old lungs
-never fully recovered.
-A fire Cyrus caused.
It's a fire I chose to walk
into to save a man's life.
You know. I'm hurt because
of the choices I made.
And you are the same.
You know. I didn't raise you.
Jacob. to blame others
for what is within your control.
(inhales sharply)
(exhales)
You are the one who brought
yourself here.
Then and now.
You made that choice.
no one else did.
You must let go of your
anger. son.
And you must forgive the pond.
It's not your prison. Jacob.
You are.
I don't know how to
set myself free.
If your lady is anything
like my Rebecca.
she already holds
the key to unlocking your heart.
And you have your family.
Everywhere.
For all time.
This family. this farm.
that fireplace?
It's all still
here because of you.
No. dear boy.
It's all still here
because of you.
(tender music)
(paper rustling)
(birds chirping)
I thought I'd come home
to my time.
-When am I. Griffin?
-1984.
Then. what are you doing here?
You should be with Tessa
in the past!
I should. but the pond
shut me out.
And Tessa's back there.
She's sick.
(sighs)
I wanted to help her.
I know she doesn't love me.
but I just thought
if I could be the hero...
I've been trying
to go back for weeks.
I'm so sorry. Griffin.
I hope that letter gives
Vic closure.
He deserves it.
I wrote it was her. with the
ring. and I hope he believes...
She gave it to me when
I left her.
To give to her kid.
It's like she knew
I wasn't coming back.
Now. maybe none of us know how
or why the pond really works.
But I'll tell you one thing.
you don't know what you got
until it's gone.
Go. Return to your courting.
A mid-day slumber is a necessity
these days.
Susanna can attest.
But I know I will
sleep well today.
(sighs)
(door creaks open and closed)
What's this talk of courting?
I met someone.
She's a Goodwin. though.
so don't tell Father.
-(chuckling)
-You certainly cannot
keep yourself out of trouble.
can you?
-No.
-Really. Jacob? A Goodwin?
Hmm.
You're disappointed in me.
No. I'm proud!
Perhaps in your time.
these warring Founding Families
will live together in peace.
And...
what of Katherine? Is she happy?
Yeah.
Hmm.
Though... odds are.
she hasn't managed to keep
herself out of trouble either..
There's a reason you're
a gambling man.
You always knew a sure bet.
Your life isn't here.
Your life is in New York.
Well. I felt a call to return.
The universe works
in mysterious ways.
I shall return. too. With Kat.
We'll all be together again.
as we were.
The pond will let us.
-I believe it now.
-Then I shall. too.
But now I must make Elijah
his tea before he sleeps.
You've taken such good care
of my family. Susanna. I...
I can never repay you.
But I'm so grateful for what
you've given us.
(door opens)
I'm grateful for you. too.
(chuckles)
-For what?
-Being a terrible influence?
No. Your friendship.
Your sage advice. Some of which
I've reluctantly followed.
Mm. Smart man.
You never did lack
of confidence.
Well. it's easy to be confident
when you're right all the time.
(chuckles)
We've said these words
to one another before
in dream that I had months ago.
Well. it does sound like
something that I might say.
I'll admit. I too have
had dreams.
Of you and Katherine.
Mostly Katherine.
In your time.
sitting together on a porch.
Sun setting on our blue house.
Yes. dreams are the thing.
I think.
Today's felt like one.
(door creaks open)
I never told you
our house was blue.
Mm. as I said.
The universe works in
mysterious ways.
(dramatic music)
(Jacob): When am I?
(Thomas): It's February 1820.
old friend.
(door opens and closes)
Jacob?
Sorry. I... I saw you come in
from the field.
Maybe I should've knocked.
-You never need to be sorry.
-Ever.
Yeah. I'm the one who's sorry.
And I'm grateful
for a lot of things right now.
Especially you being here.
Look. this will...
I need to understand it all
-before I leave.
-Don't leave. Please.
I wanna make this right.
I want you. Abby.
(sighing)
I've made a lot of really
bad decisions out of anger.
(scoffs)
But I'm done being angry!
It wastes too much time when
there is never enough of it.
And being here in this time
with you. it's...
it's a gift.
Let me prove to you that I
will never take that gift
for granted ever again.
Stay.
(romantic music swells)
What is that book?
It's beautiful.
It's my family.
I can't wait to tell you
all about them.
(birds chirping)
Are you sure you're alright?
I'll be brave here.
And you must be brave there
no matter what is waiting
for you.
And in the meantime.
(singing)
♪ I'll see you in my dreams ♪
Remember?
Back when we were
bright young things?
I'm scared. Fern.
I know. Me too.
But we can't stand still.
The only way out
is through. right?
Whatever I find when I get home.
I promise that I will come
back and I will tell you.
I'll be waiting.
For Alice. too. (chuckling)
I'd like to meet her!
She has her Kitty Kat.
I'll be her Cheshire Cat.
Something to look forward to.
(tender music)
(crying)
(exhales)
(insects chirping)
Jumping down
the rabbit hole. Alice?
Fern?
You knew Tessa was gonna
jump. You lived through it!
And you still said what you said
at the party. Why?
-Because it's the truth.
-But Elliot didn't die!
Well. no one is ever really
gone. are they?
Not when the pond's involved.
You and your mother.
Well. you might not be the ones.
but you're heroes nonetheless.
Wait. you know who I am?
-(chuckling)
-I've known all along.
My great-great-granddaughter.
(sighs)
Time to go. now.
(Fern singing)
♪ See you in my dreams ♪
♪ I'll see you
in my dreams... ♪♪
(sighing)
(sniffs)
(quiet footsteps)
(scoffs)
(tinkling music)
11:11.
(tender music)
(exhales softly)
Make a wish.
(sobs)
(romantic music swells)
-So. your song?
-When she says yes.
-Right.
-Yes.
Yeah. we'll see you real soon.
(door closes)
Who are we seeing soon?
Nick.
Believe it or not. he wants me
to reconsider
-selling Cole's boat.
-And are you?
I don't know. I realize
it's ridiculous.
I know he would
take good care of her.
Oh. by the way.
I managed to finagle this
away from Monica.
so it's ours now. Although our
mystery editor
-still remains at large.
-Wait. What's going on?
Jasper got mom and I on film
in 1974.
and it was almost exposed to the
world. but someone cut us out.
But I gave this reel to Evelyn.
After we trashed
Lingermore in 2007.
Whenever I saw her during my
house sitting gig.
she always talked about
her "golden days" at Coyle's.
I never watched the reel.
but I saw the label.
After the party. I felt so
guilty. I gave it to her
-as gift.
-But where did you get it from?
Our basement. It was in a box
with books that...
I bet belonged to my mom...
(suspenseful music)
(Tessa): We both saw each other
steal. and we kept that secret.
-Tessa took it!
-So did she edit it?
I'll admit. I've often thought
about what I could do with this
to finally bring the Goodwins
to their knees...
I really don't have
-time for this.
-It's yours!
Burn it. Keep it.
I don't want it.
But I do know why it exists.
Susanna Augustine was trying
to unite us afte years of hate
and needless tragedy.
I want to do the same. without
this hanging over our heads.
standing in the ways of our
futures.
because mine is with Abby.
It is.
(sighs)
Now. I'm asking you to
accept that. And me. as I am.
You know. there was a time when
the Landrys. the Goodwins.
and the Augustines were friends.
(tender music)
I remember.
I was a child. but I was there.
It was me and my mother against
the world my whole childhood.
But I grew up. pushed back.
And she died before I realized
I needed a home.
And her.
She's here.
In these rooms.
Down these halls.
Home isn't just a house.
it's... history.
It's memories.
It's why I could never take
it from you.
Truce?
Truce.
-Mom?
-Yeah?
What are you doing?
(sighs)
Fern knew about Jacob.
I mean. it was lore that was
passed down to her.
But why wasn't it passed down
to me? Or Dad?
So. I don't know.
somewhere there's a disconnect.
and I just wanted to get down
what Fern had said. but now.
it's like the words just wanna
like. pour out!
I think I'm writing
our family history.
You're doing the thing you
came to Port Haven to do.
-Write your book.
-I think I might be.
(phone alert)
Max?
(car door closes)
What are you doing here?
-That song you sent.
-The one you wrote.
It's about me. isn't it?
Whoa. what are you
talking about?
You pushed me
to be who I could be.
you believed enough for the both
of us. I do that! For you.
No. no. that's song's about
a couple that I know.
it's not about you or me.
it's about the kind of
relationship I want!
And you're not getting that
with Noah!
Look. you can have it. Alice.
With me.
I know you see it.
(scoffs)
Max!
(engine starts)
(melancholy music)
You're really going to leave
after that?
Nick? What are you doing here?
I live here now. Just arrived.
First stop was checking out
this old gal.
Trying to buy her off Del.
Hoping to get back into
boat tours.
How do you manage to witness
all the most awkward moments
of my love life?
Just lucky. I guess. (scoffs)
Alice. wait!
Do you remember what I said?
When I first figured out who you
really were?
I hoped you'd find love
in your time.
Seems like you have.
Maybe focus on that.
What's ahead. not behind.
Says the guy who moved home
to run boat tours
like he did as a teenager.
Yeah. but I've been
out there. though.
To know that this
is what I really want.
Can you say the same?
(projector whirring)
(gentle music)
(tender music)
(clicking)
Hi. Alice.
Hi. Evelyn.
(gentle music)
(exhales)
So. You were Colton's
granddaughter.
All that time.
Because she really
is your mother.
But she's my Katherine. too.
You Landrys kept so
many secrets.
I found these.
With my mother's things when
she died in 2000.
A mysterious will.
And that drawing.
Colton in 1814.
How is it possible?
He died before I could ask him.
and then seven years later.
another betrayal.
After that awful house party.
I found a disposable camera.
I saw this.
(ominous music)
My Alice! In 1974!
And in 2007. and now 2024.
I never thought that this party
would be what would make
you shut the world out.
The party didn't
make me shut people out.
The world had shut me out!
Alice. Cole. my Katherine.
You're time travelers.
Magic existed. and everyone
I loved knew it but me.
No! No. no. Colton and I.
we never meant to hurt you
or keep you from magic
because you are magic. Evie.
And so was our friendship.
and I miss you.
every single day.
Oh. I've missed you. Alice.
(crying)
Ah. I suppose I'm in on the
secret now. aren't I?
So I'll have to do my part
to keep it.
(clunking)
(exhales)
My granddad taught me
how to do this.
Grayson Goodwin.
Huge film buff.
(sighs)
All these boxes.
Years of White Witch hunting
led nowhere.
Until today's headline.
It's fitting I leave it all
to the White Witch herself.
Thank you. Evelyn.
I know your grandson. Max.
He loves you so much.
and he misses you.
and even though he's not here.
he wants to be.
I miss him too.
-You should tell him that.
-I will.
I'll call him. tonight.
(sharp inhale) Look at you.
You still have so much time.
don't you?
You're the same.
(crying)
Alice?
(gasps)
It's okay. I have lived a full
life because of you.
You told me to travel.
see the world. and I did.
You led me to my son.
two grandkids.
A legacy.
It's all I could ask for.
But you deserve so much more!
And I'm sorry that I wasn't
always there when you needed me.
I wanted to be...
You were there when I needed
you most.
You were. Alice.
(crying)
But now it's time for you to go.
No. No. Evie.
I just got you back!
I will be with you always.
I don't need tarot to tell me
my future anymore.
I know what's coming.
Everything is a countdown
to something.
(sniffling)
Friends?
Friends.
(tender music)
In any time.
(phone ringing)
(door opens and closes)
It's my fault.
I asked Sam to keep
the pond a secret.
I messed up and told
him his future.
And it's way worse
than what Alice did to Elliot
because I know better.
But Sam's lived with it
this whole time.
and he still fought
for our family. so please?
Oh. honey. I have forgiven Sam.
Oh. So what's holding you back?
-(scoffs)
-I don't know!
Something is. and I don't
know if it will ever go away.
I think I know what I'm
supposed to do.
but you have to trust me.
Come on.
(crickets chirping)
-(distant fireworks)
-Oh!
(soft gasp)
Where are we?
Summer Kick-Off. 1999.
-(gasps)
-Wait! Come back!
(music swells)
(gasps)
Delly!
So. it was Evelyn that cut us
out of the reel? Wow.
(chuckles)
See. Mom?
(tender music)
What is going on?
Things happen when they're
meant to. remember?
(breathes deeply)
-Hi.
(door opens and closes)
So. I had this perfect proposal
that was going to happen
at just the right time.
but I realized.
there is no perfect time to tell
the person you love
that you wanna be with them.
forever.
I grew up on this farm.
I learned what love is here.
Your family protected me.
sheltered me. loved me.
And now I wanna do the same
for you.
For the rest of my life.
And it could span hundreds of
eras or only be one minute more.
Doesn't matter.
Because our love...
Our love is forever.
(crying) So...
(breathing shakily)
Kat Landry?
Will you marry me?
Yes.
Of course. I will marry you.
I will marry you.
Elliot Augustine.
(crying)
(romantic music swells)
(gentle guitar playing)
♪ I've travelled so far just
to find that ♪
♪ I was already home ♪
♪ All along you were
in front my eyes ♪
♪ I was already home... ♪
(gasps)
My love!
(inhales)
Oh. I must look a mess!
No. no. No. No. you look...
-Oh. you look beautiful!
-Oh.
(crying)
-It's okay. It's okay.
-Hey. I'm here.
You are!
How is this happening?
I don't know. But Alice came
to me today.
She told me Jakey
would come home!
He does.
Does he...
does he remember me?
Oh. Colton...
-Yes. of course he does.
-Yeah.
-Our children. they're happy.
-But are you?
Are you happy? Where you are?
I haven't been for a long time.
But I think I can be.
I want to be.
-No. don't think.
-Don't think or want.
Just... just be.
Be happy for me. okay? Alright?
I will. Colton. I promise.
Alright.
So how about a dance. then. huh?
Oh! Yes please.
(gasp)
Ah. I could dance with you
till the end of time.
I feel like we are.
Del. I need you to know...
everything I did.
It was to protect you.
I am so sorry
I didn't trust you.
Look at us.
What we have is magic!
This proves it.
(romantic music swells)
♪ I travelled so far just
to find that ♪
♪ I was already home ♪
♪ You could see me before
I saw myself ♪
♪ I was already home ♪
♪ You pushed me to be
who I could be ♪
♪ You believed more than
anybody else ♪
♪ You're everything I've
ever wanted ♪
♪ And I'm I am already home ♪♪
So. You sold Colton's
boat to Nick.
You sure you're okay with that?
I am. I'm ready to move on.
For the first time in a long
time. I am utterly happy.
I'm so happy with you. Sam.
But no more secrets.
Okay. In that case. do you
wanna hear what else I know
about the future? I mean
KC really over shared...
-Sam!
-What?
The number one rule of the pond
is don't tell anyone
their future!
(chuckles)
You are a rascal.
(laughs)
Yeah. I just wanted
to say sorry.
For coming in so hot yesterday.
I'd spent like 12 hours
driving home from Toronto.
and I guess I got worked up.
So. yeah. let's just...
pretend like it didn't happen?
So. bye. I know I never really
said hi. but...
Finance Brohood
is calling me home.
-Home's calling me. too.
-It always will.
But I think it's time to move.
See what's out there.
Noah's amazing. but...
we talked. and it's over.
And that's okay.
I think I just need to choose me
for a bit. you know?
I get it.
And...
I'm proud of you.
Max?
My song...
It is about the kind
of relationship I want.
But I realized it's also
about us.
So. what do we do?
(romantic music swells)
Whatever road I'm on...
in my gut. I think
that it'll lead to you.
I'll be wherever you
need me to be.
But that road?
It leads to you. Alice.
Your best you.
This is getting ridiculous.
Oh. you know you love me. Alice.
I do. In my own
highly bizarre way. I do.
Congrats on the boat.
Thanks. I think Claire and I
are gonna make a lot of good
memories on her.
Be a regular Del and Colton.
Am I ever gonna meet Claire?
I'm sure you will. one day.
Hmm. I wish Susanna knew.
I wish Tessa knew. too.
That clock's the one thing
I never got an answer to.
How and when she
put it in the wall.
We ran out of time.
She hadn't bought the house yet.
before she died.
But we own it now.
The clock was here. in the wall.
What if it hadn't happened yet?
Back then?
What if my mom put the clock
in the wall later than 1926?
-But that would mean...
-She lived.
And she didn't put the clock
there so I'd find her in time.
It was to tell me
she was still alive.
(chuckles)
"To make an end
is to make a beginning."
-What's that from?
-T.S. Eliot.
The same quartet
my mom quoted on the clock.
It's a poem about time.
The unity of past.
present. future.
Well. it's official. I'm going
to New York City in January.
I only missed a semester.
-You're moving forward.
-It's great.
So are you.
Yeah. Last night got me
thinking. though.
what sort of ring do you think
Abby's going to expect?
I mean. she is a Goodwin.
after all.
I just wish I had
some sort of old.
convenient family ring.
like Elliot.
I mean...
(gentle rattle)
You could use this one.
It's kinda part of the family.
right?
(whimsical music)
-Hey. KC!
-Where'd you get that ring?
Um. It's a family ring.
What does a name matter
in the end. really.
It's about the person. right?
Wait. This is how it happens.
This is why KC wears my ring.
-KC is...
-Is my child!
(chuckles)
(gentle piano)
♪ I walked across
an empty land ♪
♪ I knew the pathway
like the back of my hand ♪
♪ I felt the earth
beneath my feet ♪
♪ Sat by the river
and it made me complete ♪
♪ Oh simple thing
where have you gone ♪
♪ I'm getting tired
and I need someone to rely on ♪
♪ I came across a fallen tree ♪
♪ I felt the branches of it
looking at me ♪
♪ Is this the place
we used to love? ♪
that I've been dreaming of? ♪
♪ Oh simple thing
where have you gone ♪
♪ I'm getting old and I
need something to rely on ♪
♪ And if you have a minute
why don't we go ♪
♪ Talk about it somewhere
only we know ♪
♪ This could be the end
of everything ♪
♪ So why don't we go
somewhere only we know ♪
♪ This could be the end
of everything ♪
♪ So why don't we go
somewhere only we know ♪♪
There you are.
-Oh. hey. Sorry. I was just...
-just taking it all in.
This moment. This day.
This time.
It won't come again. will it?
Okay. maybe it will.
but not like this.
A lot has happened
to get to this...
happy ending.
And it is happy.
And it is an ending.
But you know what they say...
every ending is just
a new beginning.
(music swells)
(both inhaling deeply)
(splashing)
(gentle music)
Subtitling: difuze